# DEVOPS - Daily meeting

## 20200305

Questions : 
* All : News from SIX?
* Leo : 
* Thomas : Methodology proposed for the Ansible deployment replacement?  Assumptions OK ? Path still OK?
* Sebastien : 
    * Status STG?
    * Status LH1 SIX?
    * Applications & Registration issues.

Questions : 
* Thomass