# Standards definition

## Session 1 

Date 2021/03/05

## Intro 

As proposed by Thomas, this session is to start defining development guidelines for DevOps.

Of course this is not a matter that we can solve in 30 min, not in 1 hour neither as it’s a continuous effort.

But we should be in a position within such timeframe to agree on how to proceed efficiently for this. 

For example, we could agree on :

* Development guidelines are documented in a central place like GIT
* Each team member update it and make it review by peers / tech lead
* Priorities for standardization
* Effort sharing across the team for initial definition
* Next review session

## MoM

## Action lists

Avoid having too many different tools for the same tasks
* Example : to deploy configuration -> Ansible
* Scripts on : Bash / Python

Coding standards for each language

* Implementation of automated code checks
* Integration of SonarQube for Python 
* Rules for Ansible (Ex : https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/style_guide/index.html)

Provide standards for merge requests

Settle on IDE : 

* VSCode - unique IDE
* List of plugins to use => Create a specific profile

Google coding standards ?


Actions 

1. WIKI Page to create?

2. Which language for what?

3. Which plugin for VSCode

3. Language
    * Ansible
    * Bash
    * Terraform
    * Python

4. Code review & Sonarqube + SonarLint
    * Story

5. Coding standards to implement -> Check what's in place + 

6. Cluster standardisation.

# Knowledge sharing

* [] Create one story on Kustomize promotion process
* [] KPS configuration : Still required? Meeting with J-L & Radu to get rid of it?  On roadmap?
* [] Meeting SD-OPS  


